<!-- -*- markdown -*- --> @mainpage
# cipra Unit Testing Framework
Version 1.0

This is the `README` file for the cipra Unit Testing Framework.  cipra
is a Free and Open Source Unit Testing Framework for C++.

Included in this distribution are several other files for your
reference:

  * [INSTALL](@ref md_INSTALL): Instructions for installation and configuration.
  * [COPYING](@ref md_COPYING): License clarifications.
    * `COPYING.bsd`:  3-clause BSD-style license.
    * `COPYING.ccby`: CC-BY 3.0 US license.
  * [AUTHORS](@ref md_AUTHORS): Author(s) of the software.

Source documentation can be generated by running `doxygen` in the
`doc/` directory.

### File Copyright and License

Copyright (C) 2012, [Patrick M. Niedzielski]
                    (mailto:PatrickNiedzielski@gmail.com)

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United
States License. You should have received a copy of the CC-BY 3.0 US
license along with this file. If not, see
[the Creative Commons website](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us).

## Introduction

cipra is a simple, TAP-compatible Unit Testing Framework for C++.
cipra is Free and Open Source Software, released under a 3-clause
BSD-style license.  It's written in 100% standard C++11 and is only a
couple header files, making it easy to include in your C++11 project.

TAP, the Test Anything Protocol, is a standard output format for
software unit test frameworks that was originally designed for Perl,
but can serve other languages.  It has a rich number of tools
("harnesses") that parse TAP formatted output and do useful things
with it.  TAP, however, is equally human-readable.

The name cipra (pronounced /ˈʃi.pɾaː/ "SHEE-prah") comes from the
lojban phrase "lo cipra", which means "the test".  It is properly
written with an initial minuscule 'c', even when at the start of a
sentence.

## Usage

Where possible, cipra's test interface is analogous to Perl's
`Test::More` module.

## Resources

  * [Home Page](https://gitorious.org/patrickniedzielski/pages/Cipra)
  * [Git Repo](https://gitorious.org/patrickniedzielski/cipra)
  * [TAP Specification Website](http://testanything.org/)
